THIS CONVERTER IS DESIGNED FOR MINECRAFT VERSION 1.20.4

Last updated 11/20/2024


First time setup:
	If the program does not automatically detect FFmpeg and FFProbe, it will ask you if you 
	have it installed elsewhere. If you do not, it will ask if you want to download it 
	automatically. You cannot run the program without FFmpeg and FFProbe.


v2mcInstructions:

	Upload a video.

	Change the Pack Name if you desire (this will be how it appears in the Minecraft datapack).

	Choose the scale at which the video will be shown in Minecraft. You can use the preview to get it 
	just right. (Note the slider in the bottom left to select different freeze-frames).

	Press Convert! and wait... This could take a while depending on the length of the video.

	Load up your minecraft world, type "/reload" (without quotation marks), and follow the 
	v2mcInstructions.

	When you're ready to watch, enable the resource pack by pausing the game, navigating to
	options -> resource packs, and activating the pack. When you click "Done," Minecraft will 
	load the resource pack into memory. THIS MAY TAKE A LONG TIME DEPENDING ON THE LENGTH OF 
	YOUR VIDEO.

	If you see a purple and black square (not a cube) after enabling the pack, it's working! 

	If you get an error after loading the resource pack, or see a black and purple CUBE, the 
	pack is too big and you will have to lower its size by doing one or more of the following:

	1: Lower the resolution (Scale or Image Width/Height)
	2: Reduce the time which the program converts (Start/End Time)
	3: Reduce the framerate (Ticks per Second)
	4: Tick "End Audio on Last Frame" to prevent converting extra audio.


(Use following commands without quotation marks)
"/reload"					--- reloads any installed datapacks
"/function {PackName}:play" --- starts the video from the beginning. 
"/function {PackName}:stop" --- stops the video.
				The video cannot be paused.



IF YOU DID NOT AUTO INSTALL:
	You will need to install the two files in your output directory (default is Downloads), {PackName}ResourcePack.zip and {PackName}Datapack.zip.

	Install the resource pack by putting it in Minecraft's resourcepacks folder: C:\Users\{USERNAME}\AppData/Roaming\.minecraft\resourcepacks

	Install the datapack by moving it to the datapacks folder of your world: C:\Users\{USERNAME}\AppData/Roaming\.minecraft\Saves\{WorldName}\datapacks



Details:

Upload File:
	The video file to convert.

Output Path:
	The path to which the program will output the zipped resource and datapacks.

Auto Install:
	If ticked, instead of outputting zipped files, the program will output the packs directly 
	into Minecraft. V2MC will detect if you have a Minecraft world with the same name as your
	Upload File and output the datapack to its datapacks folder.

Resource Path Path:
	The detected Minecraft resource pack directory.

Data Pack Path:
	If no world was detected, it will will remain blank, and you will have to provide an output
	path for the datapack.

Pack Name:
	The name the video will have in the Minecraft datapack fuctions. Defaults to the name of the
	Upload File.

Scale:
	The pixel scale the video will appear in Minecraft. Defaults to n, where n results in the width 
	equaling 48px.

Screen Scale:
	The scale the physical screen will appear in Minecraft. Background scale is accurate to ingame 
	size.

Use Width/Height:
	If ticked, the program will override scale with individual image Height and Width, and Screen 
	Width and Height.

Ticks per Second:
	The framerate at which to play the video in Minecraft. Defaults to 20. If changed, additional 
	setup will be required, but it is explained upon datapack reload.

Start time:
	The time at which the program should start converting (useful for intro credits). 
	Defaults to 00:00:00.

End time:
	The time at which the program should stop converting (useful for end credits). Defaults to
	the end time of the Upload File.

File duration:
	Displays the length of the Upload File.

Reload preview:
	Realoads the image preview with current settings.

Reset Times:
	Resets Start and End times to their defaults.

End Audio on Last Frame:
	When ticked, the program will not output audio past the end time. (Useful for cutting off
	credit songs).

Slider:
	Chooses display image to diplay in the preview.

Cancel:
	Cancels an active convertion process.

Convert!:
	Starts the conversion process. This may take a while depending on the lenght of the Upload
	File.